Oh my, miss!
Are you okay? Are you really okay?
I hope it wasn't anything serious.
Please make sure to go to the hospital.
Ma'am, are you by any chance single?
If so, would you like to meet my dad?
He's really a great person.
No, I have to go to work.
Ah, okay.
I won't disturb you.
But I'm really grateful, so can we at least exchange numbers?
Okay
Yes.
Mom, are you here?
Oh, Daeho
The house is so nice.
You've decorated it beautifully.
Right.
Serin, I bought some natural eggs
at the farmers' market this morning.
You just gave birth recently, so you need to take good care of yourself.
I'll make something delicious with these for you.
Oh, please stop bringing such cheap stuff.
It's dirty.